Add example for Hyperparameter Tuning with ZenML (#1206)
zenml-io/zenml: examples/hyperparameter_tuning/README.md

> # Hyperparameter Tuning Pipeline

Reviewer: I would name this examples folder name `dynamic_pipelines` and the title of this README to be 'Doing a grid search based Hyper-parameter tuning with Dynamic Pipelines' rather than hyper-parameter tuning. The reason is that this is a limited HPO approach and most users might expect more sophisticated mechanisms when they think of hyper-parameter tuning.

Author: I already have a sub-folder named `dyanmic_pipelines` that contains code for the dynamic pipeline logic and is completely independent of the hyperparameter tuning logic.

Reviewer: My comment was more to do with the external facing users than the internal structuring. I really get how you did it but I think the name of the example and headings as I mentioned would be more easily consumable when titled as proposed

> This example demonstrates hyperparameter tuning pipeline using a "dynamic" pipeline concept. Dynamic pipelines do not 
> necessarily have a fixed number of steps, allowing the user to define pipelines with a configurable amount of branches
> splits. Hyperparameter tuning pipelines should be applicable for a configurable amount of hyperparameter comparisons,
> otherwise, we would have to create a dedicated pipeline template for each number of comparisons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates the concept of a dynamic pipeline in ZenML. Dynamic pipelines do not necessarily have a fixed number of steps, but allow the user to define pipelines with a configurable amount of steps with splitting branches. The example shown here illustrates one such application of a dynamic pipeline, namely creating a pipeline that performs a grid search hyperparameter tuning all within one pipeline and on the orchestrator level.

Note, that this is not always the ideal way to perform hyperparameter tuning, however, it does illustrate one of the potential use-cases of using dynamic pipelines.
```

        y_pred = self.train_and_predict_best_model(
            best_model_parameters, X_train_val, y_train_val, X_test
        )
        self.evaluate_best(y_test, y_pred)

```

In the `__init__` method of the pipeline, all steps are initialized based on the pipeline's constructor 
arguments. For instance, in this example, the number of steps is dependent on the number of 
elements in `hyperparameters_conf_list` in order to create the split_validation, train, and evaluate steps for each 
hyperparameter configuration. Finally, the super constructor is called with all the steps required for the pipeline. 
The constructor of `DynamicPipeline` class initializes the `STEP_SPEC` field for the current pipeline class. 
Normally, this field is initialized by `BasePipelineMeta`, however, since the constructor of the pipeline does
not contain step instances, `STEP_SPEC` would not be initialized properly.
Notice that some names of the step instances are changed (using the `configure` method), as creating multiple steps 
with the same name in ZenML pipelines is not possible.

The `connect` method utilizes the parameters defined in the pipeline constructor to connect the steps

> together, without having to rely on the step list or dictionary given as the method arguments. For instance, in 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
together, without having to rely on the step list or dictionary given as the method arguments. For instance, in the
```
